# SmartLightingSystem
We worked on implementing 4 object oriented design patterns covered in our Object Oriented Design class in a final project. The application would be a smart light automation system. There were a couple of challenges faced when creating this program. First and foremost was what patterns to use with what applications. It was challenging to apply them to real life for some of the patterns such as the proxy pattern. Once the patterns were implemented, refactoring the code to become more efficient was challenging because I had to figure out how to keep on passing data from element to element without the problem of having it re-written somewhere else.

After the patterns were fully implemented, we had to create a couple of unit tests. The instructions asked us to test half of the implemented patterns rounded down. I tested each function in my main method since those were the core functionalities that implemented my patterns. When researching JUnit testing, it seemed that each function would be tested by creating a test class instance of it. I created a test class for each method thinking I could use a suite to run all of my tests at once but then ran into the issue that Eclipse does not have full JUnit5 support. In order to fix this, I had to rollback the JUnit version I was using to 4 to make sure that the Suite library was usable. Once I changed my JUnit library and updated the imports in my test classes, I was able to run the all tests class to run all of my tests in one run.
